- 1.TEST SET WINDOWS FUNCTIONALITY, LOOCK
	1. TC Start, Minimize, Maximize, Close functionality
	2. TC Look of windows

- 2.TEST SET NUMBER OF CHARACTERS
	1. Positive TC Generate password with number "1" in textfield Number of characters
	2. Positive TC Generate password with number "8" in textfield Number of characters
	3. Positive TC Generate password with number "20" in textfield Number of characters
	4. Positive TC Generate password with number "1000" in textfield Number of characters
	5. Negative TC Generate password with number "0" in textfield Number of characters
	6. Negative TC Generate password with negative number in textfield Number of characters
	7. Negative TC Generate password with decimal number in textfield Number of characters
	8. Negative TC Generate password without value in textfield Number of characters
	9. Negative TC Generate password with letters in textfield Number of characters
	10. Negative TC Generate password with special characters in textfield Number of characters

- 3.TEST SET CHECKBOXES
	1. Positive TC Generate password by 12 characters without upper letters, without numbers and without special characters
	2. Positive TC Generate password by 12 characters with upper letters, without numbers and without special characters
	3. Positive TC Generate password by 12 characters without upper letters, with numbers and without special characters
	4. Positive TC Generate password by 12 characters without upper letters, without numbers and with special characters
	5. Positive TC Generate password by 12 characters with upper letters, with numbers and without special characters
	6. Positive TC Generate password by 12 characters with upper letters, without numbers and with special characters
	7. Positive TC Generate password by 12 characters without upper letters, with numbers and with special characters
	8. Positive TC Generate password by 12 characters with upper letters, with numbers and with special characters
	9. Positive TC Generate password by 3 characters with upper letter, with number and with special character
	10. Negative TC Generate password by 2 characters with upper letters, with numbers and with special characters	