-01. Bankomat test set BASIC
	1. TC Start, Minimize, Resize, Close functionality
	2. TC The appearance of the initial window

-02. Bankomat test set LOGIN
	1. Positive TC Login with valid information
	2. TC The appearance of the main window
	3. Negative TC Login with invalid Account number
	4. Negative TC Login with invalid PIN
	5. Negative TC Login with letter in textfield Account number
	6. Negative TC Login with letter in textfield PIN
	7. Negative TC Login with special characters in textfield Account number
	8. Negative TC Login with special characters in textfield PIN
	9. Negative TC Login without Account number
	10. Negative TC Login without PIN
	11. Negative TC Login without Account nuber and PIN
	12. Negative TC Login with both invalid information
	13. Negative TC Login with one more digit after valid Account number
	14. Negative TC Login with one more digit after valid PIN

-03. Bankomat test set PAYOUT
	1. TC The appearance of the Payout window
	2. Positive TC Payout with valid information
	3. TC Balance after success payout and restarting application
	4. Negative TC Payout with amount more than have
	5. Negative TC Payout with empty textfield Amount
	6. Negative TC Payout with letter in textfield Amount
	7. Negative TC Payout with special character in textfield Amount
	8. Positive TC Payout with 2-decimal number in textfield Amount
	9. Negative TC Payout with 3-decimal number in textfield Amount
	10. Negative TC Payout with "0" in textfield Amount 
	11. Negative TC Payout with negative number in textfield Amount
	12. Negative TC Payout with empty textfield PIN
	13. Negative TC Payout with invalid PIN 

-04. Bankomat test set PAY IN
	1. TC The appearance of the Pay in window
	2. Positive TC Pay in with valid information
	3. TC Balance after success pay in and restarting application
	4. Positive TC Pay in with 12-digit number in textfield Amount
	5. Negative TC Pay in with empty textfield Amount
	6. Negative TC Pay in with letter in textfield Amount
	7. Negative TC Pay in with special characters in textfield Amount 
	8. Positive TC Pay in with 2-decimal number in textfield Amount
	9. Negative TC Pay in with 3-decimal number in textfield Amount
	10. Negative TC Pay in with "0" in textfield Amount 
	11. Negative TC Pay in with negative number in textfield Amount
	12. Negative TC Pay in with empty textfield PIN
	13. Negative TC Pay in with invalid PIN

-05. Bankomat test set TRANSACTION
	1. TC The appearance of the Transaction window
	2. Positive TC Transaction with valid information
	3. TC Balance of both user after success transaction and restarted application
	4. Negative TC Transaction with amount more than have
	5. Negative TC Transaction with empty textfield Amount
	6. Negative TC Transaction with letter in textfield Amount
	7. Negative TC Transaction with special characters in textfield Amount 
	8. Positive TC Transaction with 2-decimal number in textfield Amount
	9. Negative TC Transaction with 3-decimal number in textfield Amount
	10. Negative TC Transaction with "0" in textfield Amount 
	11. Negative TC Transaction with negative number in textfield Amount
	12. Negative TC Transaction with empty textfield Name
	13. Negative TC Transaction with empty textfield Surname
	14. Negative TC Transaction with empty textfield Account number
	15. Negative TC Transaction with all textfield empty
	16. Negative TC Transaction with incorrect information in textfield Name
	17. Negative TC Transaction with incorrect information in textfield Surname
	18. Negative TC Transaction with incorrect information in textfield Account number
	19. Positive TC Transaction to own account
	20. Negative TC Transaction with 17-digit number in textfield Account number
	21. Negative TC Transaction with 19-digit number in textfield Account number

-06. Bankomat test set CHANGE PIN
	1. TC The appearance of the Change PIN window
	2. Positive TC Change PIN with valid information
	3. TC Check PIN after change PIN and restarted application
	4. Negative TC Change PIN with incorrect old PIN
	5. Negative TC Change PIN without new PIN
	6. Negative TC Change PIN with 3-digit number in new PIN
	7. Negative TC Change PIN with 5-digit number in new PIN
	8. Negative TC Change PIN with letter in new PIN
	9. Negative TC Change PIN with cpecial characters in new PIN

-07. Bankomat test set LOGOUT
	1. TC The appearance of the Logout window
	2. Positive TC Logout confirm
	3. Negative TC Logout cancel

-08. Bankomat test set EXIT
	1. TC Exit from the application
	2. TC Start application after exit (without logout)