-01. Hotel test set START, LOOKS, WINDOW FUNCTIONALITY
	1. TC Start, Minimize, Resize, Close functionality
	2. TC Look of the start window

-02. Hotel test set LOGIN
	1. Positive TC Login with valid credentials
	2. Negative TC Login with wrong username
	3. Negative TC Login with wrong password
	4. Negative TC Login without username
	5. Negative TC Login without password
	6. Negative TC Login with empty TextFieldes
	7. Positive TC Login by newly registered user

-03. Hotel test set ROOM SEARCHING
	1. Positive TC Searching rooms with checked left checkbox
	2. Positive TC Searching rooms with checked right checkbox
	3. Positive TC Searching rooms with checked both checkboxes
	4. Positive TC Searching rooms without checked checkboxes

-04. Hotel test set ROOM RESERVATION
	1. TC Look of the "Rezerviši sobu" window
	2. Positive TC Reservation with valid information
	3. Negative TC Reservation with wrong room number
	4. Negative TC Reservation with wrong password
	5. Negative TC Reservation with a password by other user
	6. Negative TC Reservation with both wrong value
	7. Negative TC Reservation already reserved room
	8. Positive TC Input letters in textfield "Broj sobe:"
	9. Positive TC Reservation by newly registered user
	10. TC Check changes of reservation after restarting the application

-05. Hotel test set VACATE THE ROOM
	1. TC Look of the "Oslobodi sobu" window
	2. Positive TC Vacate room with valid information
	3. Negative TC Vacate room with wrong room number
	4. Negative TC Vacate room with wrong password
	5. Negative TC Vacate room with a password by other user
	6. Negative TC Vacate room with both wrong value
	7. Negative TC Vacate already vacated room
	8. Positive TC Input letters in textfield "Broj sobe:"
	9. Positive TC Vacate room by newly registered user
	10. TC Check changes of vacate the room after restarting the application

-06. Hotel test set REGISTRATION
	1. TC Look of the "Registracija" window
	2. Positive TC Registration with valid information
	3. Negative TC Registration without username
	4. Negative TC Registration without name
	5. Negative TC Registration without surname
	6. Negative TC Registration without password
	7. Negative TC Registration with all textfields empty
	8. Negative TC Registration with already existing username
	9. Negative TC Registration with number in name textfield
	10. Negative TC Registration with special characters in name textfield
	11. Negative TC Registration with number in surname textfield
	12. Negative TC Registration with special characters in surname textfield
	13. Negative TC Registration with prohibited character "|" in password textfield
	14. Negative TC Registration with 5 characters in password textfield
	15. Positive TC Registration with special characters in username
	16. Positive TC Registration with number in username
	17. Positive TC Registration with special characters and number in username
	18. Positive TC Registration with special characters and number in password

-07. Hotel test set LOGOUT
	1. TC Look of the "Odjavljivanje" window
	2. Positive TC Logout confirm
	3. Positive TC Logout cancel

-08. Hotel test set EXIT
	1. Positive TC Exit by option in toolbar
